Personal Home Page Assignment
Overview
Create a personal home page (index.html) that serves as your main landing page for both your school website and GitHub Pages. This page should be professional, represent you well, and serve as a gateway to your coursework and professional profiles. You should go thru the first HTML tutorials before doing this. 

Requirements
Technical Structure
HTML5 semantic elements: In addition to the standard boilerplate code all pages should have, use <header>, <main>, and <footer> within the body tag and populate them as follows:
Header: Include an <h1> with your name or personal branding
Main: Include one <h2> the name of this page, and at least two <p>'s with content about you
Title: The title should be a combination of the <h1> and the <h2> with a divider between
Footer: Include navigation links (see below)
CSS: Use embedded stylesheet (within <style> tags in the <head>)
Validation: Include the Accumulus validator and be sure to test all items
Styling Requirements (Embedded CSS)
Update at least these elements, using at a minimum, the body and h1, h2 selectors:

Fonts (pick at least two, and differentiate between normal text and headings - generally headings can be more stylized than normal text)
Colors (hint: coolors.co - save the URL for reference as it includes your colors.) - at least a background color and font color
Margins (auto 0, and max-width to something between 600-1000, and width to 80-95%) 
Navigation Links (in Footer)
Include these links with appropriate separators (like ~ or | or sufficient spacing or even special characters like hearts or diamonds):

ITIS3135 - Link to "itis3135/" folder (loads your course home page)
GitHub.com - Link to your GitHub account
CLT Web - Link to your school website home (i.e. http://webpages.charlotte.edu/yourlogin/)
GitHub.io - Link to your GitHub Pages home (i.e. http://yourgithuid.github.io/Links to an external site.)
LinkedIn - Link to your LinkedIn profile
Example format:  GitHub.com ~ CLT Web ~ GitHub.io ~ ITIS3135 ~ CodePen LinkedIn

Content Guidelines
Professional tone: This page should be suitable for anyone to view
Personal focus: This is YOUR page, not a course-specific page
No ITIS3135 content: Course-specific material belongs in the itis3135/ folder
Clean design: Should look different from your course pages
File Management
Create index.html files for both your root folder and your itis3135 folder:
School website (public_html folder)
GitHub Pages (githubid.github.io repository)
Use SFTP for school website uploads
Use GitHub Desktop (or command line) for GitHub Pages
Keep both versions synchronized
Important Notes
Context matters: "Home page" can refer to different pages depending on context
index.html: Default filename web servers look for
Test thoroughly: Check links work, validate HTML, test in private browsing
Ask questions: When in doubt, ask for clarification
Quality Standards
All links must be functional and public
No HTML validation errors
Professional appearance and content
Easy navigation between sections
Submission
Submit ONE link to your UNCC website home page.

Grading
1/30 points for pages with errors (with feedback for corrections)
2/30 points for second submission with remaining errors
Pattern continues until full credit achieved

<<DIVIDER>>

Accumulus
Every page in this course should include Accumulus, software designed to provide you feedback on your website within your browser. Accumulus is easy to add to your website, to do so, please follow the following video tutorials. Accumulus greatly assists in the ability for the TAs of this course to grade you. It also helps you to write better web code! A former student and current software developer created this to evaluate a number of components of webpages, including structure, accessibility compliance, and standardization. Every page you submit should pass all tests - which will run when you load the page on a public server. In addition you must manually test the WCAG standards by clicking the Accumulus cloud and choosing WCAG. 

Note: This is an active project, as such there may be bugs! Please feel free to contact the developer Seth Vance at svance3@uncc.edu, or via the discord server, username @voison. Feel free to contact me (Seth Vance) any time you have questions, believe that you have discovered a bug, or, even if you are just struggling with the technical aspect of any assignment in the class! I love web technology, and want to help you succeed!

Required Accumulus Script
In the first video, you will be prompted to include a "code" in your websites. This is the code that pertains to this class. Copy and paste the bold red line below into the bottom of the head of your HTML code, on each of your pages.

<script src="https://lint.page/kit/4d0fe3.js" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>

Assignment:
Follow the instructions in the first video to include Accumulus on all pages in your /itis3135 folder.
Review your webpage(s). If Accumulus was added correctly, a small cloud of some color will be in the bottom left corner.
Upload your website to your github.io AND your webpages.charlotte.edu web hosting platforms.
Review errors or warnings, if any, returned to you by Accumulus. Watch the second YouTube video for information on how to interact with Accumulus and find these warnings and errors.
Re-upload your web pages with corrections if needed.
Use Accumulus to check for WCAG errors.
Submit the URL to your webpages.charlotte.edu website here for this assignment. 
Please reach out to me (Seth Vance) if you run into ANY issues related to adding Accumulus to your webpages, or, regarding any Accumulus warnings or errors you receive:

Via Discord: @voison
Via Email: svance3@charlotte.edu
The Class Campus Wire
Thursdays from 5:30pm to 8pm in Woodward, room TBD.
This video will cover including Accumulus in to your web page:


This video will help you understand how to use Accumulus:


<<DIVIDER>>

Since this video was made, we switched to the accumulus validator, so you can ignore any reference to the normal html/css validators here - unless you want to also have them on your pages. If you do, find the html button in the shared document that is NOT a shield within a rectangle.

We used to start you out with this assignment but (again for FALL 2024) decided to start you with your home page - remember that your home page (in public_html and github.io) is YOUR PERSONAL HOME PAGE and not to be confused with your itis3135 home page, which is for this course, and will be tied to your course contract/introduction, as noted below for this assignment. So at this point you should have:

public_html (at Charlotte- at GitHub it's yourgithubid.github.io displayed as pages, reflected also in github.com/yourgithubid/ as files)
- index.html
--itis3135
----index.html
----contract.html
----etc...

Thruout, you should be asking yourself, "Does this look good?" "Can i get from one place to another easily?" "Are my links and profiles public?" - test with private/anonymous browsing. ALWAYS asks questions. 

Content moved to master doc(Look for Prime Checklist first then First Website Submission then Introduction.html): https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aY0JQVFKMuyMHIdSyrRiuSy_lbOmA10Zw6z5cr0mBUU/edit?usp=sharingLinks to an external site.

For a starting point/Visual instructions , Go to this link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1466IKy148uWaoqhajYyDRxTuaHHE7-_bxPOT3mKQuDs/edit?usp=sharingLinks to an external site.

For those who need to see in visually/in action (ps, it's a bit long but informative and will help you out)



MAKE SURE THE FOOTER has the space at the correct location where the firm name is, so firm name, space, copyright symbol, then year, for example "Hoang Firm ©2023" 

MAKE SURE THE FOOTER has your Company name rather than your mascot, this includes your company link. example ->"Hoang Firm ©2023". Apologies on the video 

Once complete, the link to this assignment should be: https://webpages.charlotte.edu/UNCCID/itis3135/  <-- where UNCCID is YOUR login ID.

THERE IS TECHNICALLY 3 Sites in this first submission, the index.html, introduction.html, and contract.html. If you are missing any one of these, you'll get 1 point and have to fix and resubmit.

First few websites are always rough so as you guys get the hang of it, we can improve and make it better.

Contract
I, FIRST M. LAST agree to abide by the terms of the course contract in my SEMESTER YYYY, ABC123, NAME OF CLASS with my instructor, Professor D.I. von Briesen. I understand that all work that I do on publicly available online tools will be available to the world, and will not put information there that is inappropriate for schoolwork, or that I wish to keep private. I also understand that it is my work that counts for attendance, not logins or showing up for class. As such, failure to turn in assignments may show as absences. I also understand that given the structure and content of this class it’s possible to find many examples online or even view my classmates’ code directly. I swear that I will only use these resources to learn, and will not cut and paste code except where I have properly given credit (i.e. external libraries) and never from my classmates. Signed: First M. Last , DD/MM/YYYY

<<DIVIDER>>

Complete these lessons in the freeCodeCamp Full Stack Curriculum.Links to an external site. You'll need to create an account first. 
Computer Basics - 16 steps
Basic CSS - 126 steps
Design - 23 steps
Absolute and Relative Units - 8 steps
Pseudo Classes and Elements - 37 steps
Colors - 98 steps
TOTAL 308 steps
Then post the URL to your profile here. Be sure your profile is public, and shows points and timeline. If you have picked an odd username, make sure there's some affiliation with your actual name so we know it's you. 
Take a screenshot of the page that shows each of these lessons and the Certification Project with checkboxes/completion marks next to them and attach it here. (ADD YOUR NAME SOMEWHERE IN THE SCREENSHOT-like in the URL) You can add the screenshot by clicking "Insert" at the text menu bar. From there, you can also add the URL to your FCC profile. Note that with a quick search you can find an easy way to create a single screenshot that includes only the relevant portions. Crop out what is not relevant, but put everything else into one image. 
Add any comments/notes/names of folks you may have worked with on this or anything else of interest.